users/v-jandrew/refresh-extensionssection (#2435)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/getting-started/index.md

ms.author: msedgedevrel
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.prod: microsoft-edge
ms.date: 02/07/2022
---
# Extension concepts and architecture

This article introduces concepts about building a Microsoft Edge extension.  Follow along to understand how multi-tab browsers work.

> A Microsoft Edge *extension* is a small app that users may opt into that adds or modifies features of Microsoft Edge for a unique user experience.  For an introduction, see [Overview of Microsoft Edge extensions](../index.md).

Reviewer: probably reword "for a unique user experience"; not sure the objective or value-add is to have a "unique user experience".

To draft another wording, I'd have to read the positioning phrases at
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoft-edge/extensions-chromium/
Here's an existing phrasing from that Intro page that's pretty focused:
"An extension provides a niche experience or function that is important to a target audience."

I'd try wording like "specialized" -- I'd read the overview article and pick wording from there.

Author: So I added specialized to that phrase.  Later on there is the term unique identifier so it seems wise.

> A Microsoft Edge *extension* is a small app that users may opt into that adds or modifies features of Microsoft Edge for a unique user experience.  For an introduction, see [Overview of Microsoft Edge extensions](../index.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Microsoft Edge *extension* is a small app that users may opt into that adds or modifies features of Microsoft Edge to provide a specialized experience or function that is important to a target audience.  For an introduction, see [Overview of Microsoft Edge extensions](../index.md).
```

Author: sounds smart
